Addressing #13344: clarifying the role of Add ML Path vs -I (#13345)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/vernacular-commands.rst

   This commands dynamically loads OCaml compiled code from
   a :n:`.mllib` file.
   It is used to load plugins dynamically.  The

>    files must be accessible in the current OCaml loadpath (see
>    command line option :n:`-I` and command :cmd:`Add ML Path`).  The
>    :n:`.mllib` suffix may be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   files must be accessible in the current OCaml loadpath (see
   :ref:`command line option <command-line-options>` :n:`-I` and command :cmd:`Add ML Path`).  The
   :n:`.mllib` suffix may be omitted.
```

We like to have hyperlinks for "See ..."

.. cmd:: Add ML Path @string

>    This command is equivalent to the command line option :n:`-I
>    @string` and adds the path :n:`@string` to the current OCaml
>    loadpath (cf. :cmd:`Declare ML Module`). It is available for
>    convenience, for instance for use in an interactive session, and it
>    is not exported to compiled files. For separation of concerns with
>    respect to the relocability of files, it is recommended to use
>    :n:`-I @string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Equivalent to the :ref:`command line option <command-line-options>`
   :n:`-I @string`.  Adds the path :n:`@string` to the current OCaml
   loadpath (cf. :cmd:`Declare ML Module`). It is for
   convenience, such as for use in an interactive session, and it
   is not exported to compiled files. For separation of concerns with
   respect to the relocability of files, we recommend using
   :n:`-I @string`.
```

Phrases such as "This command is" are often omitted in manuals rather than repeating them hundreds of times.

Note that a newline in :n: is preserved in the HTML output, which we don't want.

Some of the suggestions are better readability.

.. cmd:: Print ML Path

   This command displays the current |OCaml| loadpath, as provided by

>    the command :cmd:`Add ML Path @string` and by the command line

Reviewer 2: I think it's a bad idea to explicitly mention `Add ML Path` here. Your change in documentation above explicitly states that it's equivalent to `-I` and it's not recommended to use it.

Reviewer 3: Maybe at least change the order of `-I` vs `Add ML Path`.

Author: What do I do? I will a priori follow @Zimmi48's compromise? @ppedrot: Please tell if you want to insist.

>    This command displays the current OCaml loadpath, as provided by
>    the command line option :n:`-I @string` or by the command :cmd:`Add
>    ML Path @string` (cf. :cmd:`Declare ML Module`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Displays the current OCaml loadpath, as provided by
   the :ref:`command line option <command-line-options>` :n:`-I @string` or by the command :cmd:`Add
   ML Path` `@string` (cf. :cmd:`Declare ML Module`).
```

:cmd: generally doesn't include nonterminals such as @string.  Sphinx will complain.
